[['Indian Institute of Technology Madras', 'Indian Institute of Science', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi', 'Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee', 'Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati', 'All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Delhi', 'Jawaharlal Nehru University', 'Banaras Hindu University', 'Jadavpur University', 'Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi', 'Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad', 'Calcutta University', 'Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham', 'Manipal Academy of Higher Education, Manipal', 'Vellore Institute of Technology', 'Aligarh Muslim University', 'University of Hyderabad', 'National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli', 'Anna University', 'University of Delhi', 'Bharathiar University', 'Savitribai Phule Pune University', 'Indian Institute of Science Education & Research, Pune', 'National Institute of Technology Karnataka, Surathkal ', 'Institute of Chemical Technology', 'Indian Institute of Technology (Banaras Hindu University) Varanasi', 'Siksha `O` Anusandhan', 'Indian Institute of Technology Indore', 'Birla Institute of Technology & Science - Pilani', 'Homi Bhabha National Institute', 'Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology', 'Indian Institute of Technology Ropar', 'S.R.M. Institute of Science and Technology', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Gandhinagar', 'Indian Institute of Technology (Indian School of Mines)', 'National Institute of Technology Rourkela', 'Indian Institute of Science Education & Research, Kolkata', 'Panjab University', 'Amity University', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Mandi', 'Saveetha Institute of Medical and Technical Sciences', 'National Institute of Technology Warangal', 'Osmania University', 'Indian Institute of Science Education & Research, Mohali', 'Chandigarh University', 'Shanmugha Arts Science Technology & Research Academy', 'Kalasalingam Academy of Research and Education', 'Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam', 'Kerala University', 'Alagappa University', 'Jawaharlal Institute of Post Graduate Medical Education & Research', 'Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation University (K L College of Engineering)', 'Mysore University', 'Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology', 'Lovely Professional University', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Patna', 'JSS Academy of Higher Education and Research', 'Indian Institute of Science Education & Research Bhopal', 'Symbiosis International', 'Delhi Technological University', 'Gauhati University', 'Indian Institute of Technology Bhubaneswar', 'Indian Institute of Engineering Science and Technology, Shibpur', 'Sathyabama Institute of Science and Technology', 'Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology, Nagpur', 'Cochin University of Science and Technology', 'University of Madras', 'Andhra University, Visakhapatnam', 'National Institute of Technology Durgapur', 'Gujarat University', 'Jamia Hamdard', 'King George`s Medical University', 'Dr. D. Y. Patil Vidyapeeth', 'National Institute of Technology, Silchar', 'Babasheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University', 'Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode', 'Guru Nanak Dev University', 'Mumbai University', 'Bharathidasan University', 'Sri Ramachandra Institute of Higher Education and Research', 'University of Kashmir', 'Dr. B R Ambedkar National Institute of Technology, Jalandhar', 'All India Institute of Medical Sciences Jodhpur', 'Banasthali Vidyapith', 'Madurai Kamaraj University', 'SVKM`s Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies', 'Tezpur University', 'Malaviya National Institute of Technology', 'Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences', 'University of Jammu', 'Shiv Nadar University', 'Bharath Institute of Higher Education & Research', 'Sri Sivasubramaniya Nadar College of Engineering', 'University of Petroleum and Energy Studies', 'Bangalore University', 'Tata Institute of Social Sciences', 'Visvesvaraya Technological University'], ['Indian Institute of Science', 'Jawaharlal Nehru University', 'Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi', 'Jadavpur University', 'Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham', 'Banaras Hindu University', 'Manipal Academy of Higher Education, Manipal', 'Calcutta University', 'Vellore Institute of Technology', 'University of Hyderabad', 'Aligarh Muslim University', 'Savitribai Phule Pune University', 'University of Delhi', 'Institute of Chemical Technology', 'Bharathiar University', 'Siksha `O` Anusandhan', 'Homi Bhabha National Institute', 'Birla Institute of Technology & Science - Pilani', 'S.R.M. Institute of Science and Technology', 'Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology', 'Anna University', 'Osmania University', 'Amity University', 'Shanmugha Arts Science Technology & Research Academy', 'Panjab University', 'Saveetha Institute of Medical and Technical Sciences', 'Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation University (K L College of Engineering)', 'Alagappa University', 'Chandigarh University', 'Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam', 'Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology', 'Symbiosis International', 'Mysore University', 'JSS Academy of Higher Education and Research', 'Kalasalingam Academy of Research and Education', 'Andhra University, Visakhapatnam', 'Gauhati University', 'Delhi Technological University', 'University of Madras', 'Kerala University', 'Cochin University of Science and Technology', 'Dr. D. Y. Patil Vidyapeeth', 'Sathyabama Institute of Science and Technology', 'Guru Nanak Dev University', 'Mumbai University', 'Jamia Hamdard', 'Lovely Professional University', 'Sri Ramachandra Institute of Higher Education and Research', 'Banasthali Vidyapith', 'King George`s Medical University', 'SVKM`s Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies', 'Madurai Kamaraj University', 'University of Kashmir', 'Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences', 'Babasheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University', 'University of Jammu', 'Bharathidasan University', 'Gujarat University', 'Tezpur University', 'Tata Institute of Social Sciences', 'Shiv Nadar University', 'Bharath Institute of Higher Education & Research', 'Periyar University', 'Bangalore University', 'University of Petroleum and Energy Studies', 'North Eastern Hill University', 'Sri Venkateswara University', 'Pondicherry University', 'Calicut University, Thenhipalem', 'Sri Balaji Vidyapeeth Mahatma Gandhi Medical College Campus', 'Christ University', 'Visvesvaraya Technological University', 'Krishna Institute of Medical Sciences Deemed University, Karad', 'Graphic Era University', 'NITTE', 'Bharati Vidyapeeth', 'Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University', 'Mizoram University', 'Jain University, Bangalore', 'Manonmaniam Sundaranar University, Tirunelveli', 'Padmashree Dr. D. Y. Patil Vidyapeeth, Mumbai', 'Central University of Punjab', 'Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada University, Aurangabad', 'Avinashilingam Institute for Home Science & Higher Education for Women', 'Central University of Tamil Nadu', 'Kuvempu University', 'The University of Burdwan', 'Ashoka University', 'KLE Academy of Higher Education and Research', 'Utkal University', 'Maharishi Markandeshwar', 'Gandhi Institute of Technology and Management ', 'Chettinad Academy of Research and Education', 'Maharshi Dayanand University', "Vignan's Foundation for Science, Technology and Research", 'Shoolini University of Biotechnology and Management Sciences', 'Yenepoya University', 'Visva Bharati', 'Birla Institute of Technology', 'Dr. M. G. R. Educational and Research Institute'], ['Miranda House', 'Hindu College', 'Presidency College', 'Loyola College', 'Lady Shri Ram College For Women', 'PSGR Krishnammal College for Women', 'Atma Ram Sanatan Dharm College', 'St. Xavier`s College', 'Ramakrishna Mission Vidyamandira', 'Kirori Mal College', "St. Stephens's College", 'Shri Ram College of Commerce', 'Rama Krishna Mission Vivekananda Centenary College', 'Hans Raj College', 'Sri Venkateswara College', 'Lady Irwin College', 'Madras Christian College', 'Acharya Narendra Dev College', 'Ramakrishna Mission Residential College', 'PSG College of Arts and Science', 'Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College', 'Thiagarajar College', 'Gargi College', 'University College, Thiruvananthapuram', 'Bhaskaracharya College of Applied Sciences', 'St. Joseph`s College, Tiruchirappalli', 'Rajagiri College of Social Sciences', 'Deshbandhu College', 'Daulat Ram College', 'V.O. Chidambaram College', 'Kongunadu Arts & Science College', 'Government Arts College', 'Sri Krishna Arts and Science College', 'Maitreyi College', 'Dyal Singh College', 'Shaheed Rajguru College of Applied Sciences for Women', 'St. Teresa`s College, Ernakulam', 'Madras School of Social Work', 'Sri Guru Tegh Bahadur Khalsa College', 'Kamala Nehru College', 'Ramanujan College', 'I.C.College of Home Science', 'Bishop Heber College', 'Jesus & Mary College', 'Pachhunga University College', 'Government Home Science College,Sector-10', 'Queen Mary`s College', 'Maharaja Agrasen College', 'Virudhunagar Hindu Nadars Senthikumara Nadar College', 'Mar Ivanios College, Thiruvananthapuram', 'Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies', "St. Xavier's College", 'Government College for Women, Thiruvananthapuram', 'Alagappa Government Arts College, Karaikudi', ' M S Ramaiah College of Arts, Science, and Commerce', 'Mar Athanasius College', 'Ferugusson College(Autonomous)', 'Bishop Moore College, Mavelikkara, Alappuzha', 'Sacred Heart College', 'Maharaja`s College, Ernakulam', 'Indraprastha College for Women', 'S.B. College, Changanacherry', 'ST. Thomas College, Thrissur', 'Sri Guru Gobind Singh College of Commerce', 'Ethiraj College for Women', 'Ramjas College', 'Holy Cross College, Tiruchirappalli', 'St.Xavier`s College, Palayamkottai', 'College of Social Work Nirmala Niketan 38 New Marine Lines Mumbai - 400 020', 'Sri Ramakrishna Mission Vidyalaya College of Arts and Science', 'Shivaji College', 'Women`s Christian College', "Raja Narendra Lal Khan Women's College - Autonomous", 'Bethune College', 'Institute of Home Economics', 'Stella Maris College for Women', 'Shyam Lal College', 'St. Joseph`s College, Devagiri', 'Jamal Mohamed College, Tiruchirappalli', 'Kanchi Mamunivar Government Institute for Postgraduate Studies and Research', 'CMS College Kottayam', 'Sacred Heart College (Autonomous)', 'Ayya Nadar Janaki Ammal College', 'Keshav Mahavidyalya', 'Government Victoria College, Palakkad', 'Lady Doak College', 'St. Xavier`s College', 'Dr. N. G. P. Arts and Science College', 'Bishop Kurialacherry College For Women, Amalagiri P.O Kottayam', 'Sri Ramakrishna College of Arts and Science', 'Nesamony Memorial Christian College, Kanyakumari Dist.', 'Fatima Mata National College, Kollam', 'St. Joseph`s College of Commerce', 'Andhra Loyola College', 'Women`s Christian College, Nagercoil', 'Scott Christian College, Nagercoil', 'Midnapore College', 'Union Christian College', 'Mahatma Gandhi Government Arts College', 'Vellalar College for Women'], ['Indian Institute of Science', 'Indian Institute of Technology Madras', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur', 'Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur', 'Tata Institute of Fundamental Research', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee', 'All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Delhi', 'Vellore Institute of Technology', 'Homi Bhabha National Institute', 'Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad', 'Jadavpur University', 'Jawaharlal Nehru University', 'Banaras Hindu University', 'University of Delhi', 'Indian Institute of Science Education & Research, Pune', 'Academy of Scientific & Innovative Research', 'Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi', 'Indian Institute of Technology (Indian School of Mines)', 'Anna University', 'Bharathiar University', 'National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli', 'National Institute of Technology Rourkela', 'Institute of Chemical Technology', 'Indian Institute of Technology Indore', 'University of Hyderabad', 'Aligarh Muslim University', 'Panjab University', 'Manipal Academy of Higher Education, Manipal', 'Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham', 'Indian Institute of Science Education & Research, Kolkata', 'Birla Institute of Technology & Science - Pilani', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Gandhinagar', 'Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology', 'S.R.M. Institute of Science and Technology', 'Indian Institute of Technology Bhubaneswar', 'Amity University', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Mandi', 'Indian Institute of Engineering Science and Technology, Shibpur', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Patna', 'National Institute of Mental Health & Neuro Sciences, Bangalore', 'Alagappa University', 'Shanmugha Arts Science Technology & Research Academy', 'Siksha `O` Anusandhan', 'Malaviya National Institute of Technology', 'Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology', 'Saveetha Institute of Medical and Technical Sciences', 'Indian Institute of Science Education & Research Bhopal', 'National Institute of Technology, Silchar'], ['Indian Institute of Technology Madras', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay', 'Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee', 'Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati', 'National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli', 'Indian Institute of Technology Hyderabad', 'National Institute of Technology Karnataka, Surathkal ', 'Jadavpur University', 'Vellore Institute of Technology', 'Indian Institute of Technology (Banaras Hindu University) Varanasi', 'Indian Institute of Technology (Indian School of Mines)', 'National Institute of Technology Rourkela', 'Indian Institute of Technology Indore', 'Anna University', 'Institute of Chemical Technology', 'Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Mandi', 'National Institute of Technology Warangal', 'Indian Institute of Technology Ropar', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Gandhinagar', 'S.R.M. Institute of Science and Technology', 'Amity University', 'Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi', 'Siksha `O` Anusandhan', 'Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology', 'Birla Institute of Technology & Science - Pilani', 'Indian Institute of Technology Jodhpur', 'National Institute of Technology, Calicut', 'Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology, Nagpur', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Patna', 'National Institute of Technology Durgapur', 'Delhi Technological University', 'Indian Institute of Technology Bhubaneswar', 'Aligarh Muslim University', 'National Institute of Technology, Silchar', 'Kalasalingam Academy of Research and Education', 'Indian Institute of Engineering Science and Technology, Shibpur', 'Shanmugha Arts Science Technology & Research Academy', 'Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology', 'Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology', 'Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation University (K L College of Engineering)', 'Chandigarh University', 'Malaviya National Institute of Technology', 'Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology', 'Sri Sivasubramaniya Nadar College of Engineering', 'Visvesvaraya Technological University', 'National Institute of Technology Kurukshetra', 'Lovely Professional University', 'Dr. B R Ambedkar National Institute of Technology, Jalandhar', 'Birla Institute of Technology', 'Sathyabama Institute of Science and Technology', 'Manipal Institute of Technology', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Tirupati', 'PSG College of Technology', 'Sardar Vallabhbhai National Institute of Technology', 'Banasthali Vidyapith', 'National Institute of Technology Meghalaya', 'University of Petroleum and Energy Studies', 'International Institute of Information Technology Hyderabad', 'National Institute of Technology, Patna', 'Graphic Era University', 'National Institute of Technology, Raipur', 'National Institute of Technology Srinagar', 'M. S. Ramaiah Institute of Technology', 'Indian Institute of Technology Palakkad', 'Indraprastha Institute of Information Technology Delhi', 'Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology', 'Defence Institute of Advanced Technology', 'College of Engineering, Pune', 'Sri Krishna College of Engineering and Technology', 'Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University', 'Manipal University, Jaipur', 'Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University', 'AU College of Engineering (A)', 'Atal Bihari Vajpayee Indian Institute of Information Technology and Management', 'Netaji Subhas University of Technology (NSUT)', 'National Institute of Technology Agartala', 'International Institute of Information Technology Bangalore', 'Pandit Dwarka Prasad Mishra Indian Institute of Information Technology, Design and Manufacturing (IIITDM) Jabalpur', 'B.M.S. College of Engineering', 'Vel Tech Rangarajan Dr. Sagunthala R & D Institute of Science and Technology', 'Thiagarajar College of Engineering', 'National Institute of Food Technology, Entrepreneurship and Management - Thanjavur (NIFTEM - Thanjavur)', 'Punjab Engineering College (Deemed to be University), Chandigarh', 'National Institute of Technology Goa', 'R.V. College of Engineering', 'National Institute of Technology, Jamshedpur', 'SR University', 'Panjab University', 'Indian Institute of Information Technology Allahabad', 'Jaypee Institute of Information Technology', 'Rajalakshmi Engineering College', 'The Northcap University', 'Siddaganga Institute of Technology', 'C.V. Raman Global University, Odisha', "Vignan's Foundation for Science, Technology and Research", 'PES University', 'Shri Mata Vaishno Devi University', 'Gandhi Institute of Technology and Management ', 'B. S. Abdur Rahman Crescent Institute of Science and Technology', 'Coimbatore Institute of Technology', 'Manav Rachna International Institute of Research & Studies', 'Pandit Deendayal Energy University', 'Karunya Institute of Technology and Sciences', 'National Institute of Technology Manipur', 'Kumaraguru College of Technology', 'College of Engineering, Trivandrum', 'Veer Surendra Sai University of Technology', 'Indian Institute of Information Technology Guwahati', 'Vallurupalli Nageswara Rao Vignana Jyothi Institute of Engineering and Technology', 'Amity University Haryana, Gurgaon', 'Jain University, Bangalore', 'Dr. Vishwanath Karad MIT World Peace University', 'University College of Engineering', 'Kongu Engineering College', 'Veermata Jijabai Technological Institute (VJTI, Mumbai)', 'Dayalbagh Educational Institute', 'New Horizon College of Engineering', 'Sri Krishna College of Technology', 'Tezpur University', 'PSG Institute of Technology and Applied Research', 'Nirma University', 'Shoolini University of Biotechnology and Management Sciences', 'National Institute of Food Technology, Enterprenurship & Management', 'National Institute of Technology, Hamirpur', 'Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University', 'Mepco Schlenk Engineering College', 'Bharati Vidyapeeth Deemed University College of Engineering', 'National Institute of Technology Uttarakhand', 'Amity University, Jaipur', 'Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology', 'SVKM`s Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies', 'National Institute of Technology Puducherry', 'P E S College of Engineering, Mandya', 'Jaypee University of Information Technology', 'Chandigarh Engineering College', 'Anurag University', 'Velagapudi Ramakrishna Siddhartha Engineering College', 'Vishwakarma Institute of Technology', 'J. C. Bose University of Science and Technology, YMCA', 'Chitkara University', 'Noida Institute of Engineering & Technology', 'Shri Ramdeobaba College of Engineering and Management', 'Galgotias University', 'Goka Raju Ranga Raju Institute of Engineering & Technology', 'Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda', 'Pondicherry Engineering College', 'National Institute of Advanced Manufacturing Technology, Ranchi', 'Hindustan Institute of Technology and Science (HITS)', 'Amity University, Gwalior', 'R.M.K. Engineering College', 'Mahindra University', 'Saveetha Institute of Medical and Technical Sciences', 'Sri Sairam Engineering College', 'JSS Science and Technology University   ', 'Vels Institute of Science Technology & Advanced Studies (VISTAS) -Chennai', 'Government College of Technology', 'Silicon Institute of Technology (SIT), Bhubaneswar', 'Vardhaman College of Engineering', 'G. H. Raisoni College of Engineering, Nagpur', 'Sharda University', 'Sree Vidyanikethan Engineering College', 'Chaitanya Bharathi Institute of Technology', 'Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan`s Sardar Patel Institute of Technology', 'Rabindranath Tagore University', 'National Engineering College', 'CVR College of Engineering', 'National Institute of Technology Arunachal Pradesh', 'Army Institute of Technology', 'National Institute of Technology Sikkim', 'Sona College of Technology', 'NMAM Institute of Technology', 'Chennai Institute of Technology', 'Indira Gandhi Delhi Technical University for Women', 'Sant Longowal Institute of Engineering & Technology', 'DIT University', 'C M R Institute of Technology', 'Easwari Engineering College', 'Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Petroleum Technology', 'Nitte Meenakshi Institute of Technology', 'Indian Institute of Information Technology, Design & Manufacturing, Kancheepuram', 'Yeshwantrao Chavan College of Engineering', 'G. L. A. University', 'KIET Group of Institutions', 'GMR Institute of Technology', 'Christ University', 'Institute of Infrastructure Technology Research and Management (IITRAM)', 'Maharishi Markandeshwar', 'Galgotias College of Engineering & Technology', 'Dr. D. Y. Patil Institute of Technology', 'National Institute of Technology Delhi', 'G. L. Bajaj Institute of Technology and Management', 'KLE Technological University', 'Shri Vile Parle Kelavani Mandal`s Dwarkadas J. Sanghvi College of Engineering', 'Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering and Technology', 'BMS Institute of Technology & Management', 'Vidya Jyothi Institute of Technology'], ['Indian Institute of Management Ahmedabad', 'Indian Institute of Management Bangalore', 'Indian Institute of Management Calcutta', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Delhi', 'Indian Institute of Management Kozhikode', 'Indian Institute of Management Lucknow', 'Indian Institute of Management Indore', 'XLRI - Xavier School of Management', 'National Institute of Industrial Engineering, Mumbai', 'Indian Institute of Technology Madras', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur', 'Management Development Institute', 'Indian Institute of Management Raipur', 'Indian Institute of Management Ranchi', 'Indian Institute of Management Rohtak', 'Symbiosis Institute of Business Management', 'Indian Institute of Management Tiruchirappalli', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee', 'Indian Institute of Technology Kanpur', 'S. P. Jain Institute of Management & Research', 'Indian Institute of Management Udaipur', 'Indian Institute of Management Kashipur', 'Indian Institute of Foreign Trade', 'SVKM`s Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies', 'Indian Institute of Management Shillong', 'Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham', 'Amity University', 'Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi', 'International Management Institute', 'Great Lakes Institute of Management', 'ICFAI Foundation for Higher Education, Hyderabad', 'Indian Institute of Management Visakhapatnam', 'Lovely Professional University', 'XIM University', 'GOA Institute of Management', 'Indian Institute of Management Jammu (IIMJ)\r\n\r\n', 'T. A. Pai Management Institute Manipal', 'National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli', 'Chandigarh University', 'University of Petroleum and Energy Studies', 'MICA', 'Indian Institute of Management', 'Institute of Management Technology, Ghaziabad', 'Nirma University', 'Indian Institute of Technology (Indian School of Mines)', 'Koneru Lakshmaiah Education Foundation University (K L College of Engineering)', 'Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology', 'Anna University', 'Banaras Hindu University', 'Jaipuria Institute of Management', 'Great Lakes Institute of Management,Gurgaon', 'Thapar Institute of Engineering and Technology', 'BML Munjal University', 'Indian Institute of Management, Amritsar', 'Birla Institute of Management Technology', 'Aligarh Muslim University', 'Institute of Rural Management Anand', 'Intenational Management Institute, Kolkata', 'Fore School of Management', ' Krea University', 'Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University', 'PSG College of Technology', 'Atal Bihari Vajpayee Indian Institute of Information Technology and Management', 'Graphic Era University', 'Indian Institute of Management Sambalpur', 'Panjab University', 'Principal L N Welingkar Institute of Management Development and Research', 'Indian Institute of Management Sirmaur', 'International Management Institute, Bhubaneswar', 'K.J.Somaiya Institute of Management', 'Christ University', 'Indian Institute of Management Bodh Gaya', 'Rajagiri Business School', 'Institute of Management Technology', 'Visvesvaraya Technological University', 'Saveetha Institute of Medical and Technical Sciences', 'Birla Institute of Technology', 'Jaipuria Institute of Management, Lucknow', 'Chitkara University', 'Jaipuria Institute of Management', 'Jagan Institute of Management Studies', 'Bharathidasan Institute of Management', 'National Institute of Technology, Calicut', 'Manipal University, Jaipur', 'Loyola Institute of Business Administration', 'Babasheb Bhimrao Ambedkar University', 'Dayalbagh Educational Institute', 'Pandit Deendayal Energy University', 'IIHMR University', 'Pune Institute of Business Management', 'Amity University Haryana, Gurgaon', 'Galgotias University', 'University of Hyderabad', 'Institute of Management Technology, Nagpur', 'Jain University, Bangalore', 'Thiagarajar School of Management', 'Alliance University', 'Gujarat University', 'Jamia Hamdard', 'University of Jammu'], ['Jamia Hamdard', 'National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research Hyderabad', 'Panjab University', 'National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research, Mohali', 'Birla Institute of Technology & Science - Pilani', 'JSS College of Pharmacy', 'Institute of Chemical Technology', 'JSS College of Pharmacy', 'Manipal College of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Manipal', 'National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research Ahmedabad', 'SVKM`s Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies', 'S.R.M. Institute of Science and Technology', 'National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research Guwahati', 'Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham', 'Annamalai University', 'Maharaja Sayajirao University of Baroda', 'Amity University', 'Jadavpur University', 'Lovely Professional University', 'Chitkara University', 'Poona College of Pharmacy, Pune', 'Delhi Pharmaceutical Sciences and Research University', 'Banasthali Vidyapith', 'Maharishi Markandeshwar', 'Punjabi University, Patiala', 'Central University of Punjab', 'National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research Raebareli', 'Nirma University', 'I. S. F. College of Pharmacy', 'Maharshi Dayanand University', 'Sri Ramachandra Institute of Higher Education and Research', 'Bombay College of Pharmacy', 'Guru Jambheshwar University of Science and Technology, Hissar', 'Vels Institute of Science Technology & Advanced Studies (VISTAS) -Chennai', 'Birla Institute of Technology', 'Shoolini University of Biotechnology and Management Sciences', 'Chandigarh University', 'SVKM`s Dr. Bhanuben Nanavati College of Pharmacy', 'Noida Institute of Engineering and Technology', 'KLE College of Pharmacy, Belgaum', 'Dr D.Y.Patil Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences and Research', 'The Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj Nagpur University', 'Guru Ghasidas Vishwavidyalaya', 'Kakatiya University', 'N.G.S.M. Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences', 'R. C. Patel Institute of Pharmaceutical Education & Research', 'Dibrugarh University', 'Integral University', 'Gandhi Institute of Technology and Management ', 'Nandha College of Pharmacy', 'Acharya Nagarjuna University College of Pharmaceutical Sciences', 'L. M. College of Pharmacy', 'Smt. Kishoritai Bhoyar College of Pharmacy', 'Shri Vishnu College of Pharmacy', 'Goa College of Pharmacy', 'Amar Shaheed Baba Ajit Singh Jujhar Singh Memorial College of Pharmacy', 'Acharya & B M Reddy College of Pharmacy', 'Anurag University', 'Galgotias University', 'Mohan Lal Sukhadia University', 'Kumaun University, Nainital', 'M.S. Ramaiah University of Applied Sciences', 'College of Pharmacy, Madras Medical College', 'Suresh Gyan Vihar University', 'Y. B. Chavan College of Pharmacy', 'Sri Padmavathi Mahila Visvavidyalayam', 'Vishnu Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research', 'Sri Venkateswara College of Pharmacy', 'G. L. A. University', 'PSG College of Pharmacy', 'Raghavendra Institute of Pharmaceuatical Education & Research ', 'CMR College of Pharmacy', 'Bundelkhand University', 'Bharati Vidyapeeth College of Pharmacy, Kolhapur', 'National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education And Research Hajipur', 'AISSMS College of Pharmacy', 'Chalapathi Institute of Pharmaceutical Science', 'Pt. Ravishankar Shukla University', 'Sam Higginbottom Institute of Agriculture, Technology & Sciences', 'Sri Adichunchanagiri College of Pharmacy', 'College of Pharmacy, Pt. B. D. Sharma, PGIMS', 'Arulmigu Kalasalingam College of Pharmacy', 'Kurukshetra University', 'Guru Nanak Institute of Pharmaceutical Science & Technology', 'KMCH College of Pharmacy', 'Parul University', 'Dr. Vishwanath Karad MIT World Peace University', 'Principal K.M. Kundnani College of Pharmacy', 'Sri Venkateswara University', 'Marathwada Mitra Mandal`s College of Pharmacy', 'Chandigarh College of Pharmacy, Landran', 'Jaipur National University, Jaipur', 'Gokaraju Rangaraju College of Pharmacy', 'Maliba Pharmacy College', 'KLE College of Pharmacy', 'Al Shifa College of Pharmacy, Perinthalmanna', 'KIET Group of Institutions', 'Krupanidhi College of Pharmacy', 'C.U.Shah College of Pharmacy', 'Nirmala College of Pharmacy, Mangalagiri', 'Shree Guru Gobind Singh Tricentenary University'], ['All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Delhi', 'Post Graduate Institute of Medical Education and Research', 'Christian Medical College', 'National Institute of Mental Health & Neuro Sciences, Bangalore', 'Banaras Hindu University', 'Jawaharlal Institute of Post Graduate Medical Education & Research', 'Sanjay Gandhi Postgraduate Institute of Medical Sciences', 'Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham', 'Sree Chitra Tirunal Institute for Medical Sciences and Technology, Thiruvananthapuram', 'Kasturba Medical College, Manipal', 'King George`s Medical University', 'Madras Medical College & Government General Hospital, Chennai', 'Institute of Liver and Biliary Sciences', "St. John's Medical College", 'Sri Ramachandra Institute of Higher Education and Research', 'All India Institute of Medical Sciences Jodhpur', 'Dr. D. Y. Patil Vidyapeeth', 'Siksha `O` Anusandhan', 'Vardhman Mahavir Medical College & Safdarjung Hospital', 'S.R.M. Institute of Science and Technology', 'Institute of Post Graduate Medical Education & Research', 'Aligarh Muslim University', 'Maulana Azad Medical College', 'Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences', 'Saveetha Institute of Medical and Technical Sciences', 'All India Institute of Medical Sciences Bhubaneswar', 'Govt. Medical College & Hospital', 'University College of Medical Sciences', 'Lady Hardinge Medical College', 'Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology', 'Kasturba Medical College, Mangalore', 'Maharishi Markandeshwar', 'Jamia Hamdard', 'JSS Medical College, Mysore', 'PSG Institute of Medical Sciences & Research, Coimbatore', 'Christian Medical College, Ludhiana', 'Gujarat Cancer & Research Institute', 'M. S. Ramaiah Medical College', 'Chettinad Academy of Research and Education', 'Dayanand Medical College', 'Sawai Man Singh Medical College', 'Krishna Institute of Medical Sciences Deemed University, Karad', 'Medical College', 'SCB Medical College and Hospital', 'Padmashree Dr. D. Y. Patil Vidyapeeth, Mumbai', 'Regional Institute of Medical Sciences', 'Mahatma Gandhi Medical College and Research Institute', 'All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Rishikesh', 'All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Raipur', 'B. J. Medical College'], ['Saveetha Institute of Medical and Technical Sciences', 'Manipal College of Dental Sciences, Manipal', 'Dr. D. Y. Patil Vidyapeeth', 'Maulana Azad Institute of Dental Sciences', 'King George`s Medical University', 'A.B.Shetty Memorial Institute of Dental Sciences', 'Manipal College of Dental Sciences, Mangalore', 'SRM Dental College', 'Govt. Dental College, Nagpur', 'Siksha `O` Anusandhan', 'Datta Meghe Institute of Medical Sciences', 'JSS Dental College and Hospital', 'Sri Ramachandra Institute of Higher Education and Research', 'M.S. Ramaiah University of Applied Sciences', 'Postgraduate Institute of Dental Sciences', 'Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi', 'Nair Hospital Dental College', 'Government Dental College, Bangalore', 'Amrita Vishwa Vidyapeetham', 'SDM College of Dental Sciences & Hospital', 'Banaras Hindu University', 'Meenakshi Academy of Higher Education and Research', 'Yenepoya Dental College', 'Vishnu Dental College, Bheemavaram', 'Dr. M. G. R. Educational and Research Institute', 'Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology', 'Chettinad Dental College and Research Institute ', "K L E Society's Institute of Dental Sciences", 'Sree Balaji Dental College & Hospital', 'Government Dental College', 'Karnavati University', 'Ragas Dental College & Hospital, Chennai', 'Gitam Dental College & Hospital', 'Raja Rajeswari Dental College & Hospital', 'MGM Dental College, Navi Mumbai', 'Government Dental College', 'MGVs Karmaveer Bhausaheb Hire Dental College, Nashik', 'Aligarh Muslim University', 'Govt. Dental College, Indore', 'Guru nanak Institute of Dental Sciences & Research'], ['National Law School of India University', 'National Law University', 'Symbiosis Law School', 'Nalsar University of Law', 'The West Bengal National University of Juridicial Sciences', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur', 'Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi', 'Gujarat National Law University', 'Siksha `O` Anusandhan', 'National Law University, Jodhpur', 'Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology', 'Aligarh Muslim University', 'Lovely Professional University', 'Saveetha Institute of Medical and Technical Sciences', 'National Law Institute University, Bhopal', 'Christ University', 'Dr. Ram Manohar Lohiya National Law University, Lucknow', 'The Rajiv Gandhi National University of Law, Patiala', 'Shanmugha Arts Science Technology & Research Academy', 'Banaras Hindu University', 'University of Petroleum and Energy Studies', 'National University of Study & Research in Law, Ranchi', 'Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University', 'National Law University and Judicial Academy', 'National Law University', 'Army Institute of Law, Mohali', 'Amity University Haryana, Gurgaon', 'Sikkim Government Law College, Burtuk', 'Indian Law Institute', 'Panjab University'], ['Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee', 'National Institute of Technology, Calicut', 'Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur', 'School of Planning and Architecture, New Delhi', 'National Institute of Technology, Tiruchirappalli', 'Indian Institute of Engineering Science and Technology, Shibpur', 'School of Planning & Architecture, Vijayawada', 'Visvesvaraya National Institute of Technology, Nagpur', 'Jamia Millia Islamia, New Delhi', 'School of Planning and Architecture, Bhopal', 'S.R.M. Institute of Science and Technology', 'Lovely Professional University', 'Aligarh Muslim University', 'College of Engineering, Trivandrum', 'Manipal School of Architecture and Planning, Mahe', 'Shri Mata Vaishno Devi University', 'M. S. Ramaiah Institute of Technology', 'BMS College of Arhitecture', 'Chandigarh University', 'Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology', 'Nirma University', 'Chitkara University', 'Thiagarajar College of Engineering', 'Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University', 'Birla Institute of Technology', 'National Institute of Technology, Hamirpur', 'Hindustan Institute of Technology and Science (HITS)', 'Dr. M. G. R. Educational and Research Institute', 'Anna University', 'National Institute of Technology, Patna']]
